hello October is Breast Cancer Awareness
Month we know many of you are interested
in crafts and expressing your artistic
side please join with the County
Department of Health and the Annapolis
quilt guild and enter the cup of the
month bra art contest in support of
breast cancer awareness month this cup
of the month challenge was designed to
increase awareness about breast cancer
and to educate people about the disease
using a size 36c bra participants create
a work of art the contrast contest
entries serve as a tribute to women's
wellness and two friends relatives or
coworkers who have been a source of
inspiration in fighting breast cancer
this is the second year for the cup of
the month challenge it is patterned
after a similar contest in Pennsylvania
I'd like to show you an entry from last
year's contest Kristy Sandoval from the
Department of Health called her entry
World Cup christy is from El Salvador
and wanted to show how breast cancer is
important to women all over the world
and from all cultures her bra as you can
see is covered with flags from different
countries the entries were so creative
last year that we will be using them in
some special advertising in the
newspapers and on cable TV we want to
invite everyone to participate all
entries will be judged and prizes will
be awarded the deadline for the contest
is october eleventh by 5pm the rules and
registration form for the contest are on
the Department of Health's website or
call to learn to live line for 10 to 22
7979 we look forward to seeing your bra
art designs in support of breast cancer
awareness now let's check in with the
county executives chief of staff al
collins for an update on county agencies